[REF] Update production deployment docs (#352)
neurobagel/documentation: docs/user_guide/getting_started.md

versions on your machine:

- `docker` engine: [v20.10.24](https://docs.docker.com/engine/release-notes/20.10/) or greater

    ```bash
    docker --version
    ```

- `docker compose`: [v2.7.0](https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/tag/v2.7.0) or above

> 

Reviewer: Just spitballing - should we rename this heading to something like:
- Quickstart
- Quick-start Neurobagel node deployment
- The Neurobagel node deployment recipe: Quickstart
?

    ```bash
    docker compose version
    ```

## The Neurobagel node deployment recipe

The [`neurobagel/recipes` repository](https://github.com/neurobagel/recipes)
on GitHub contains our official
Docker Compose recipe and template configuration files for setting up a local Neurobagel node.

!!! info "More detailed setup for production deployments"

    This section provide a minimal configuration for launching Neurobagel
    so you can get started quickly with trying out all services locally.
    In most cases, particularly when deploying Neurobagel for other users,

>     additional configurations are necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In most cases, particularly when deploying Neurobagel for other users or if you already have Neurobagel graph-ready data,
    additional configurations are necessary.
```

    
    For this, please check out our more
    [detailed instructions for production deployments](config.md).

> ### Clone the recipe repository

Reviewer: I'd still number these headings - I've received sysadmin feedback in the past about preferring numbered steps so that the order of execution is clear

> Clone the recipe repository from GitHub and navigate into the cloned local repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clone the `recipes` repository from GitHub and navigate into the cloned local repo.
```

```bash
git clone https://github.com/neurobagel/recipes.git
cd recipes
```

### Copy the template files

Make copies of the template configuration files
to edit for your deployment (do not edit the `template` files themselves).

```bash
cp template.env .env
cp local_nb_nodes.template.json local_nb_nodes.json
```

For now you can leave these files unchanged. Our detailed documentation for
[production deployments](config.md)
has additional information on how to edit these files.

??? info "On a machine with an ARM-based processor?"
    The default Docker Compose recipe assumes that you are launching Neurobagel on a machine with x86_64 (AMD/Intel) architecture (most Linux or Windows machines). 
    If your machine instead uses ARM-based architecture (e.g., certain Macs), **additionally change the following line in your `docker-compose.yml` file:**
    ```yml
        graph:
            image: "ontotext/graphdb:10.3.1"
    ```
    to
    ```yml
        graph:
            image: "ontotext/graphdb:10.3.1-arm64"
    ```
    You can double check the architecture of your machine in the system settings or using the command `lscpu`.

### Launch Neurobagel

> Now you can launch your own Neurobagel node using Docker Compose:

Reviewer: 🍒 
```suggestion
Now you can launch your test Neurobagel node using Docker Compose:
```

```bash
docker compose up -d
```

This will:

- pull the required Docker images (if you haven't pulled them before)
- launch the containers for all [the Neurobagel services](config.md#services)
- automatically set up and configure the services based on your configuration files

> - automatically upload example data to the Neurobagel graph

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- automatically upload an example dataset to the Neurobagel graph
```

    docker compose version
    ```

> ## The Neurobagel quickstart recipe

Reviewer: 🍒 for readability
```suggestion
## Quickstart recipe
```

The [`neurobagel/recipes` repository](https://github.com/neurobagel/recipes)
on GitHub contains our official
Docker Compose recipe and template configuration files for setting up a local Neurobagel node.

!!! info "Production deployments require additional configuration"

    This section provide a minimal configuration for launching Neurobagel
    so you can get started quickly with trying out all services locally.
    In most cases, particularly when deploying Neurobagel for other users,
    additional configurations are necessary.
    
    For a complete, production-ready setup containing real-world data, see our
    [detailed instructions for production deployments](production_deployment.md).

> ### Clone the recipe repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Clone the `recipes` repository
```

29a61a2d83de   neurobagel/query_tool:latest       "/bin/sh -c 'npm run…"   8 seconds ago   Up 8 seconds   0.0.0.0:3000->5173/tcp, :::3000->5173/tcp             recipes-query_federation-1
```

## Next steps

> :tada: You are now the proud owner of a running Neurobagel node. Here are some things you can do now:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:tada: You have successfully deployed a Neurobagel node. Here are some things you can do now:
```

- Try the Neurobagel node you just deployed by accessing:
    - your own query tool at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000), and reading the [query tool usage](./query_tool.md#usage) guide
    - the interactive docs for your node API at [http://localhost:8000/docs](http://localhost:8000/docs), and reading the [API usage](./api.md) guide

> - Change the [default ports of services](config.md#default-ports-of-services)

Reviewer: Can we remove this point since you already have the production deployment guide link below? Or do you think some users will need to do this even for a test deployment?

```suggestion
```

- [Prepare your own dataset](./data_prep.md) for annotation with Neurobagel
- [Add your own data to your Neurobagel graph](maintaining.md#updating-the-data-in-your-graph) to search

> - Learn how to make a [production deployment](config.md)

Reviewer: 🍒 
```suggestion
- Learn how to set up a [production node](config.md)
```

- Try the Neurobagel node you just deployed by accessing:
    - your own query tool at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000), and reading the [query tool usage](./query_tool.md#usage) guide
    - the interactive docs for your node API at [http://localhost:8000/docs](http://localhost:8000/docs), and reading the [API usage](./api.md) guide

> - [Prepare your own dataset](./data_prep.md) for annotation with Neurobagel

Reviewer: Taking back my earlier suggestion here: I realized that since many first-time users will test out the annotation tool first, it's common for them to already have a JSONLD when they launch a test deployment.

Given that, I think we should still direct them to how to add their own data to the graph, even for these quickstart instructions. I can't make that suggestion directly, but I'd just restore this bullet point.
